<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="tyre_inflation_information_part_25" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>
    <b>Tyre Inflation Information (Part 25)</b>
  </title>
  <conbody>
    <p>Pneumatic tyres must be inflated to the correct pressure. Incorrect tyre pressure can cause instability and affect the load capacity of the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Front Tyre Inflation Pressure – CD100S-7: 9.00-20 tyres at 930 kPa (135 psi) | CD120S-7: 10.00-20 tyres at 860 kPa (125 psi)</p>
    <p>Front Tyre Inflation Pressure – CD140S-7: 12.00-20 tyres at 790 kPa (115 psi) | CD160S-7: 14.00-20 tyres at 720 kPa (105 psi)</p>
    <p>Rear Tyre Inflation Pressure – All models: Refer to tyre placard on vehicle for correct rear tyre pressures.</p>
    <note type="warning">Never inflate tyres beyond the recommended pressure. Always use a tyre inflation cage when inflating tyres. Stand to the side of the tyre, never in front.</note>
    <p>Check tyre pressure daily before operation. Tyres that are significantly underinflated must not be operated until properly inflated.</p>
    <p>Page 468 of 500  |  CD100S-7 / CD120S-7 / CD140S-7 / CD160S-7 Operation &amp; Maintenance Manual  |  DL06P Tier-4</p>
    <p>Always follow all safety precautions when operating or maintaining this equipment.</p>
    <p>Ensure all operators are properly trained and certified before operating the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Regular maintenance is essential to safe and efficient operation of the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Contact your local CROWN dealer for parts, service, and technical support.</p>
    <p>Keep this manual with the lift truck at all times for reference by operators and technicians.</p>
    <p>Record all service and maintenance activities in the maintenance logbook.</p>
    <p>Only use genuine CROWN replacement parts to maintain warranty and performance.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
