<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="operating_techniques_part_6" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>
    <b>Operating Techniques (Part 6)</b>
  </title>
  <shortdesc>Approach loads squarely and position the forks evenly. Insert the forks fully under the pallet</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>before</keyword>
        <keyword>forks</keyword>
        <keyword>stack</keyword>
        <keyword>truck</keyword>
        <keyword>maintenance</keyword>
        <keyword>squarely</keyword>
        <indexterm>before</indexterm>
        <indexterm>forks</indexterm>
        <indexterm>stack</indexterm>
      </keywords>
      <prodinfo>
        <prodname></prodname>
      </prodinfo>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>Approach loads squarely and position the forks evenly. Insert the forks fully under the pallet before lifting.</p>
    <p>Tilt the mast back slightly before lifting to stabilise the load. Check that the load is stable before travelling.</p>
    <p>When stacking, approach the stack with the load at the correct height. Tilt the mast forward gently to place the load.</p>
    <p>When removing a load from a stack, approach squarely, insert the forks under the load, and lift slightly to clear the stack before withdrawing.</p>
    <p>On ramps and inclines, always travel with the load uphill. Never turn on a ramp or slope.</p>
    <p>In narrow aisles, use slow speeds and heightened awareness. Sound the horn before entering the aisle.</p>
    <p>Page 112 of 500  |  CD100S-7 / CD120S-7 / CD140S-7 / CD160S-7 Operation &amp; Maintenance Manual  |  DL06P Tier-4</p>
    <p>Always follow all safety precautions when operating or maintaining this equipment.</p>
    <p>Ensure all operators are properly trained and certified before operating the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Regular maintenance is essential to safe and efficient operation of the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Contact your local CROWN dealer for parts, service, and technical support.</p>
    <p>Keep this manual with the lift truck at all times for reference by operators and technicians.</p>
    <p>Record all service and maintenance activities in the maintenance logbook.</p>
    <p>Only use genuine CROWN replacement parts to maintain warranty and performance.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
