<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="parking_the_lift_truck_part_2" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>
    <b>Parking the Lift Truck (Part 2)</b>
  </title>
  <shortdesc>Park the lift truck in a designated parking area on a level surface. Avoid parking</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>parking</keyword>
        <keyword>truck</keyword>
        <keyword>maintenance</keyword>
        <keyword>brake</keyword>
        <keyword>operation</keyword>
        <keyword>logbook</keyword>
        <indexterm>parking</indexterm>
        <indexterm>truck</indexterm>
        <indexterm>maintenance</indexterm>
      </keywords>
      <prodinfo>
        <prodname></prodname>
      </prodinfo>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>Park the lift truck in a designated parking area on a level surface. Avoid parking on slopes or near doorways.</p>
    <p>Lower the forks completely to the floor. Tilt the mast slightly forward so the fork tips touch the ground.</p>
    <p>Place the directional control lever in NEUTRAL. Apply the parking brake.</p>
    <p>Turn the engine off and remove the ignition key.</p>
    <p>Do not park on inclines. If parking on an incline is unavoidable, use wheel chocks in addition to the parking brake.</p>
    <p>After parking, complete the post-operation inspection and record any defects in the logbook.</p>
    <p>Page 37 of 500  |  CD100S-7 / CD120S-7 / CD140S-7 / CD160S-7 Operation &amp; Maintenance Manual  |  DL06P Tier-4</p>
    <p>Always follow all safety precautions when operating or maintaining this equipment.</p>
    <p>Ensure all operators are properly trained and certified before operating the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Regular maintenance is essential to safe and efficient operation of the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Contact your local CROWN dealer for parts, service, and technical support.</p>
    <p>Keep this manual with the lift truck at all times for reference by operators and technicians.</p>
    <p>Record all service and maintenance activities in the maintenance logbook.</p>
    <p>Only use genuine CROWN replacement parts to maintain warranty and performance.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
