<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="operator_restraint_system_part_12" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>
    <b>Operator Restraint System (Part 12)</b>
  </title>
  <shortdesc>Your CROWN truck comes equipped with an operator restraint system. Should it become necessary to</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>operator</keyword>
        <keyword>CROWN</keyword>
        <keyword>truck</keyword>
        <keyword>restraint</keyword>
        <keyword>system</keyword>
        <keyword>maintenance</keyword>
        <indexterm>operator</indexterm>
        <indexterm>CROWN</indexterm>
        <indexterm>truck</indexterm>
      </keywords>
      <prodinfo>
        <prodname></prodname>
      </prodinfo>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>Your CROWN truck comes equipped with an operator restraint system. Should it become necessary to replace the seat for any reason, it should only be replaced with another CROWN operator restraint system.</p>
    <p>Photographs or illustrations guide the operator through correct procedures of checking, operation and maintenance of the CROWN operator restraint system.</p>
    <p>SAFE and EFFICIENT OPERATION of a lift truck depends to a great extent on the skill and alertness on the part of the operator. To develop this skill the operator should read and understand the Safe Driving Practices contained in this manual.</p>
    <p>Forklift trucks seldom tipover, but in the rare event they do, the operator may be pinned to the ground by the lift truck or the overhead guard. This could result in serious injury or death.</p>
    <p>Operator training and safety awareness is an effective way to prevent accidents, but accidents can still happen. The CROWN operator restraint system can minimise injuries.</p>
    <p>The CROWN operator restraint system keeps the operator substantially within the confines of the operator's compartment and the overhead guard.</p>
    <p>Page 213 of 500  |  CD100S-7 / CD120S-7 / CD140S-7 / CD160S-7 Operation &amp; Maintenance Manual  |  DL06P Tier-4</p>
    <p>Always follow all safety precautions when operating or maintaining this equipment.</p>
    <p>Ensure all operators are properly trained and certified before operating the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Regular maintenance is essential to safe and efficient operation of the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Contact your local CROWN dealer for parts, service, and technical support.</p>
    <p>Keep this manual with the lift truck at all times for reference by operators and technicians.</p>
    <p>Record all service and maintenance activities in the maintenance logbook.</p>
    <p>Only use genuine CROWN replacement parts to maintain warranty and performance.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
