<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="operation_maintenance_manual_cd100s_7_cd120s_7_cd140s_7_cd160s_7_part_15" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>
    <b>Operation &amp; Maintenance Manual – CD100S-7, CD120S-7, CD140S-7, CD160S-7 (Part 15)</b>
  </title>
  <shortdesc>This manual should be stored in the operator's compartment in the literature holder or seat</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>truck</keyword>
        <keyword>manual</keyword>
        <keyword>maintenance</keyword>
        <keyword>publication</keyword>
        <keyword>CROWN</keyword>
        <keyword>Operation</keyword>
        <indexterm>truck</indexterm>
        <indexterm>manual</indexterm>
        <indexterm>maintenance</indexterm>
      </keywords>
      <prodinfo>
        <prodname></prodname>
      </prodinfo>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>This manual should be stored in the operator's compartment in the literature holder or seat back literature storage area. This manual contains safety, operation, transportation, lubrication and maintenance information.</p>
    <p>Some photographs or illustrations in this publication show details or attachments that can be different from your lift truck. Guards and covers might have been removed for illustrative purposes.</p>
    <p>Continuing improvement and advancement of product design might have caused changes to your lift truck which are not included in this publication. Read, study and keep this manual with the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Whenever a question arises regarding your lift truck or this publication, please consult your CROWN branch for the latest available information.</p>
    <p>Page 268 of 500  |  CD100S-7 / CD120S-7 / CD140S-7 / CD160S-7 Operation &amp; Maintenance Manual  |  DL06P Tier-4</p>
    <p>Always follow all safety precautions when operating or maintaining this equipment.</p>
    <p>Ensure all operators are properly trained and certified before operating the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Regular maintenance is essential to safe and efficient operation of the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Contact your local CROWN dealer for parts, service, and technical support.</p>
    <p>Keep this manual with the lift truck at all times for reference by operators and technicians.</p>
    <p>Record all service and maintenance activities in the maintenance logbook.</p>
    <p>Only use genuine CROWN replacement parts to maintain warranty and performance.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
