<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="operation_section_part_8" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>
    <b>Operation Section (Part 8)</b>
  </title>
  <shortdesc>The Operation Section is a reference for the new operator and a refresher for the</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>truck</keyword>
        <keyword>operating</keyword>
        <keyword>Operation</keyword>
        <keyword>operator</keyword>
        <keyword>controls</keyword>
        <keyword>before</keyword>
        <indexterm>truck</indexterm>
        <indexterm>operating</indexterm>
        <indexterm>Operation</indexterm>
      </keywords>
      <prodinfo>
        <prodname></prodname>
      </prodinfo>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>The Operation Section is a reference for the new operator and a refresher for the experienced one. This section includes a discussion of gauges, switches, lift truck controls, attachment controls, transportation and towing information.</p>
    <p>Photographs and illustrations guide the operator through correct procedures of checking, starting, operating and stopping the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Operating techniques outlined in this publication are basic. Skill and techniques develop as the operator gains knowledge of the lift truck and its capabilities.</p>
    <p>Before operating, inspect the lift truck to ensure it is in safe working condition. Check fluid levels, tyre pressure, and all safety devices.</p>
    <p>Always fasten the seatbelt before operating the lift truck. Ensure the overhead guard is in place and undamaged.</p>
    <p>Check all controls and instruments for proper operation before beginning work. Report any defects immediately to your supervisor.</p>
    <p>Page 138 of 500  |  CD100S-7 / CD120S-7 / CD140S-7 / CD160S-7 Operation &amp; Maintenance Manual  |  DL06P Tier-4</p>
    <p>Always follow all safety precautions when operating or maintaining this equipment.</p>
    <p>Ensure all operators are properly trained and certified before operating the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Regular maintenance is essential to safe and efficient operation of the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Contact your local CROWN dealer for parts, service, and technical support.</p>
    <p>Keep this manual with the lift truck at all times for reference by operators and technicians.</p>
    <p>Record all service and maintenance activities in the maintenance logbook.</p>
    <p>Only use genuine CROWN replacement parts to maintain warranty and performance.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
