<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="lift_truck_operation_part_3" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>
    <b>Lift Truck Operation (Part 3)</b>
  </title>
  <shortdesc>Always drive at a speed appropriate for the load and conditions. Slow down in congested</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>truck</keyword>
        <keyword>loads</keyword>
        <keyword>before</keyword>
        <keyword>maintenance</keyword>
        <keyword>Operation</keyword>
        <keyword>Always</keyword>
        <indexterm>truck</indexterm>
        <indexterm>loads</indexterm>
        <indexterm>before</indexterm>
      </keywords>
      <prodinfo>
        <prodname></prodname>
      </prodinfo>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>Always drive at a speed appropriate for the load and conditions. Slow down in congested areas, on ramps, and on slippery surfaces.</p>
    <p>Carry loads with the forks as low as possible, approximately 200–300 mm above the ground, and with the mast tilted back.</p>
    <p>Do not carry loads that obstruct your forward vision. Travel in reverse when the load obstructs forward visibility.</p>
    <p>Use the horn at all intersections and blind spots. Yield to pedestrians at all times.</p>
    <p>Never carry passengers on the lift truck. The truck is designed for one operator only.</p>
    <p>Do not exceed the rated capacity of the lift truck. Check the capacity chart before lifting unusual or awkward loads.</p>
    <p>Never travel with a raised load. Lower the load to travel position before moving.</p>
    <p>Keep a safe distance from edges, ramps, and overhead obstructions.</p>
    <p>Page 54 of 500  |  CD100S-7 / CD120S-7 / CD140S-7 / CD160S-7 Operation &amp; Maintenance Manual  |  DL06P Tier-4</p>
    <p>Always follow all safety precautions when operating or maintaining this equipment.</p>
    <p>Ensure all operators are properly trained and certified before operating the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Regular maintenance is essential to safe and efficient operation of the lift truck.</p>
    <p>Contact your local CROWN dealer for parts, service, and technical support.</p>
    <p>Keep this manual with the lift truck at all times for reference by operators and technicians.</p>
    <p>Record all service and maintenance activities in the maintenance logbook.</p>
    <p>Only use genuine CROWN replacement parts to maintain warranty and performance.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
